fix(curriculum): typo in future continous ordinal number (#69052)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/learn-future-continuous-while-describing-actions/675ecedbb04f6ca6dd620f0e.md

### --feedback--

> This is a type of cyberattack where a hacker secretly gets in the middle of two people or systems talking to each other. The hacker can see, change, or steal information being shared without anyone knowing. This is a compound word, remember to use `-`. The first letters of the first and the fourth word are capitalized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a type of cyberattack where a hacker secretly gets in the middle of two people or systems talking to each other. The hacker can see, change, or steal information being shared without either side knowing. This is a compound word, so remember to use `-`. The first letters of the first and fourth words are capitalized.
```
